Feature20 add docs (#21)
data61/anonlink-client: docs/development.rst

Development
===========

Testing
-------

Make sure you have all the required modules before running the tests
(modules that are only needed for tests are not included during
installation)::

    $ pip install -r requirements.txt

> Now run the unit tests and print out code coverage with `py.test`::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now run the unit tests and print out code coverage with `pytest`::
```

>     $ python -m pytest --cov=anonlinkclient

Reviewer: We should just configure this in `setup.cfg`. See for example https://github.com/hardbyte/python-can/blob/develop/setup.cfg#L8
